# Optional: Nameless King

Maximum souls: 594,864

The most difficult aspect of the fight is the camera issue in the 1st phase
against the Storm Drake. Use crystal sorcery to quickly dispatch of the 1st
phase. Equip the Court Sorcerer's Staff+10 in the right hand and the Scholar's
Candlestick in the left hand. To buff the staff, you must 2-hand it and press
L2. You can easily buff the staff by equipping it in the left hand and pressing
L2; no need for 2-handing. Equip these to boost your damage output: Crown of
Dusk, Magic Clutch Ring, Young Dragon Ring, Bellowing Dragoncrest Ring. The 4th
ring can be any of your choosing, but the Chloranthy Ring+3 is recommended as it
would also help you in the 2nd phase. Use Yorshka's Chime+10 to cast Sacred Oath
and Deep Protection, buff your staff, and cast Homing Crystal Soulmass. Lock
onto the head of the Storm Drake and use Crystal Soul Spear as your primary
offensive weapon.

In the 2nd phase, use the Blood Bandit's Knife+10 as your primary offensive
weapon to bleed the Nameless King. At the start of the 2nd phase, quickly swap
to rings that boost your defense such as Ring of Steel Protection+3 and Thunder
Stoneplate Ring+2. Equip the Blessed Caestus+10 in the left hand and the Sun
Princess Ring to help with your HP regeneration. Consume a Yellow Bug Pellet to
boost your lightning defense.

The above strategy requires you to know how to quickly swap between different
weapons and rings. Before starting the fight, you might as well equip these to
save some time in the 2nd phase: Blood Bandit's Knife+10, Court Sorcerer's
Staff+10, Scholar's Candlestick, Blessed Caestus+10. See the following video for
the sorcery and bleed strategy.

{% youtube id="VyVaA6YX0Ts", title="Nameless King NG+32 crystal sorcery and bleed, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

One strategy to minimize the swapping of weapons and rings is to use Great
Lightning Spear against the Storm Drake and a bleed weapon against Nameless
King.

{% youtube id="kW9rVYWkmfI", title="Nameless King NG+34 Great Lightning Spear and bleed, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

Another strategy to minimize the swapping of weapons and rings is to use the
Lothric Knight Greatsword+10 to fight the Storm Drake. Prior to entering the
boss arena, cast Sacred oath and Deep Protection, and use Yorshka's Chime+10 to
buff the sword with Lightning Blade. Equip the Ring of Steel Protection+3 and
Thunder Stoneplate Ring+2 to boost your defense. Also consume a Yellow Bug
Pellet to boost your lightning defense. Equip the Blessed Caestus+10 in the left
hand and the Sun Princess Ring to help with your HP regeneration. R1 the head of
the Storm Drake. The 2nd phase is the same as per above. The video below
demonstrates this strategy.

{% youtube id="VL3gDbThvTM", title="Nameless King NG+32 Lothric Knight Greatsword & bleed, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}
