# Twin Princes

Maximum souls: 632,043

The route to the Twin Princes arena is more dangerous than that to the
Dragonslayer Armour arena. Use the Ring of Favor glitch to sprint most of the
way to the boss room. Cast Hidden Body, Tears of Denial, Sacred Oath, and/or
Deep Protection as necessary. The only shortcut you might consider activating is
the elevator shortcut in front of the boss room.

The Twin Princes fight is similar to a rhythm game. Lorian would telegraph his
attack, you strafe or roll away, then get in one hit. When he does his double
swing, roll twice if necessary and get in one hit. Avoid being greedy and try to
sneak in an extra hit. Only perform two hits if you're certain you can
immediately recover from the attack animation to dodge an incoming attack. Being
below 30% equip load is highly recommended as it allows you to roll further. The
roll distance is crucial to dodge Lorian's delayed thrust attack. The reach of
the thrust attack can catch you if you're above 30% equip load and roll
backward. When below 30% equip load, it's usually safe to roll backward to dodge
Lorian's thrust attack.

Here are some strategies to fight the boss, assuming that you first cast Sacred
Oath or use the weapon art of the Sunlight Straight Sword, and cast Deep
Protection. Also cast Tears of Denial for extra safety, but doing so would
cancel the buff from Deep Protection. Consider equipping a Blessed infused
Caestus+10 in the left hand and/or the Sun Princess Ring for some HP
regeneration during the fight.

1. Equip a Lightning infused Lothric Knight Sword+10 and a Chaos infused
   variant. Equip (Black) Firebomb or attune Chaos Bed Vestiges. In the first
   phase, use the Lightning infused Lothric Knight Sword+10 to fight Lorian. In
   the second phase, switch to the Chaos infused Lothric Knight Sword+10 to hit
   both Lorian and Lothric. It is more effective to strafe around behind
   Lothric's back and hit Lothric with the weapon. When Lorian drops to the
   ground and Lothric charges up his miracle to revive Lorian sneak in 1 or 2
   hits, roll away, and throw 1 or 2 (Black) Firebombs or Chaos Bed Vestiges at
   Lothric.
1. Consider using an un-infused Lothric Knight Sword+10, Astora Straight
   Sword+10, Anri's Straight Sword+5, or Barbed Straight Sword+10. Buff any of
   these weapons with Lightning Blade and cast Sacred Oath and Deep Protection,
   but buff the Barbed Straight Sword+10 with Carthus Rouge. Use the weapon to
   fight the boss during both phases.
1. If you have at least 60 Intelligence and 60 Faith, use Yorshka's Chime+10 to
   buff the Sunlight Straight Straight Sword+5 with Lightning Blade. Equip these
   rings for extra damage output: Lightning Clutch Ring, Lloyd's Sword Ring. The
   remaining 2 rings can be any of your choosing. Equip the Chloranthy Ring+3 to
   boost your stamina regeneration. The Ring of Steel Protection+3 can help you
   to tank one or two hits and consume a Red Bug Pellet to boost your fire
   defense. The following videos show the melee strategy using the Sunlight
   Straight Sword.

    {% youtube id="o1ETRQe70hw", title="Twin Princes NG+32 Sunlight Straight Sword & Old Wolf Curved Sword, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

    {% youtube id="KZERZl17_lM", title="Twin Princes NG+32 Sunlight Straight Sword, Dark Souls III" %}{% endyoutube %}

1. Equip the Sellsword Twinblades+10 in the right hand. In the left hand, equip
   the Old Wolf Curved Sword and the Sunless Talisman+5. Cast Sacred Oath and
   Deep Protection, switch the left hand weapon to the Old Wolf Curved Sword,
   and 2-hand the Twinblades. Equip these rings for bonus damage output: Lloyd's
   Sword Ring, Lightning Clutch Ring. To maintain your weight ratio below 30%,
   it might be necessary to equip the Ring of Favor+3. Also equip Charcoal Pine
   Bundle in the slot for "Quick Item 2". In the first phase, you use lightning
   against Lorian. It's more effective to use fire in the second phase as
   Lothric is weak against fire. Get in 1 or 2 L1 whenever the opportunity
   arises.
1. The Twin Princes are vulnerable to bleed. Use a Blood infused weapon,
   preferably one of these: Bandit's Knife, Painting Guardian's Curved Sword, or
   Barbed Straight Sword. The 1-handed Bandit's Knife has a recovery time that
   is faster than that of the Painting Guardian's Curved Sword and the Barbed
   Straight Sword. Your primary means of dealing damage is bleed, so a 1-handed
   R1 from the Blood Bandit's Knife+10 is quicker than a 2-handed R1. Get in 1
   or 2 hits and dodge or roll. Equip the Magic Stoneplate Ring+2 if you want to
   buff your magic damage absorption, but it's more likely that you would want
   to equip the Flame Stoneplate Ring+2 to boost your fire defense against
   Lorian.
1. The boss is weak against frostbite. Equip Flynn's Ring and Pontiff's Right
   Eye. Equip the Irithyll Straight Sword+5 in the right hand and the Torch+10
   in the left hand. R1 the boss to trigger frostbite, then L2 to hit with the
   Torch and reset the frostbite gauge. Rinse and repeat until the Twin Princes
   are defeated.
1. Before entering the fog wall, warp to the Undead Settlement bonfire and
   suicide off the nearby cliff. Warp to the Dragonslayer Armour bonfire, sprint
   to the nearby shortcut elevator, ride the elevator all the way up to the area
   in front of the boss room, and stand in front of the fog wall. Equip the Red
   Tearstone Ring, Flynn's Ring, and the Farron Ring if you want. If you have a
   decent number of Ashen Estus Flask uses, then you don't really need the
   Farron Ring. Use Pestilent Mist, Symbol of Avarice, and/or Bloodlust to lower
   your HP enough to trigger the effect of the Red Tearstone Ring. Now equip the
   Morion Blade in the right hand and the Millwood Greatbow+5 in the left hand.
   Use the weapon art of the bow to kill Lorian and bypass the first phase of
   the fight. Once Lorian is dead and the first phase is over, use an Ember to
   gain a full HP bar. Enter the fog wall to start the second phase of the fight
   and hit Lorthic with a fire weapon.
1. Depending on how far you have progressed with Sirris' and Orbeck's quest
   lines, you can summon any or both of these NPCs as distraction while you
   throw Chaos Bed Vestiges at the boss.
